Hello friends, welcome to TP Insights.
In today's video, we will talk
about ICICI Lombard. I am going to tell you in detail about
how to fill the Claim Form A of ICICI Lombard. In
this video, please
watch the video till the end to know under what conditions
we have to fill this form and what
supporting documents we have to attach
when we fill this form.
I am going to tell you the complete details in this video.
So please like the video,
subscribe to the channel and press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notifications of new videos. So
let's start the video
[Music].
Part A form of ICSC Lombard is open on your screen.
Resources. I am telling you first
what happens, under what
conditions we have to fill this form. One condition is that
we are getting
our treatment done in a non-network hospital and
we have made all the payments from our pocket. After that,
we are filling this form. You are getting
your treatment done in Rinberg Hospital
and your claim has been rejected.  So even
later you reimburse your bills
and that process is
called reimbursement process and
within that process only Claim Form A is filled so
it will be filled in two conditions, one
after the claim is rejected and second
in resources means if you get your treatment done in non network then
after that you have to
reverse your bills then Claim Form A will be filled
whenever you go to
any non network hospital for your treatment then first of all
you have to
call your insurance company and tell them
that we are getting our treatment done in this non
network hospital then from there the
insurance company will give you an intimation number
which you will have to mention in this form
which I am going to tell you later in
this video so let's
start with the form how to fill
this form first of all
see in it this is Part A and this is
of ICAC Lombard Claim Form A means
Claim Form A of rebus ment it is written in it
to be fed in capital letter means it will be
filled in capital letter second it is
written to be fed by the by  See insured
means it will be filled through the insured person,
he has to fill this form only,
this form has to be filled because
most of the details in this form have to be
filled by the insured person only,
so see in this, first of all the
type of claim is coming, main hospital
hospitalization expense, pre, pre and
post hospitalization expense and cashless
object, yes or no means what is main
hospital
expense, main hospitalization expense, if
you are doing it then you have to tick here, if you are
claiming pre and post bills then you have to
tick here and if you have
taken cashless, that means
your claim has been rejected, then in that condition you are filling the form then you have to
tick here, so if whatever we are
doing in this, if we are putting main hospital bill then we will
tick here, if we are putting pre and post
bills then we will tick here
and if we have requested for cashless then we will say yes, so
here further you will have to
mention the cashless number here,
now we move ahead, it is written in it,
details of the  Insured person in
respect of home claim is made patient
details, in this the details of the patient will come, here it is
written name of the patient, here the
name of the patient will come, the card number of the patient will come, it is
also called UAH ID number, it also has
card numbers in it, whether the patient is male or
female, you have to tick here, okay, date
of birth, date of birth of the patient will come here,
okay, after that the completed age has to be
mentioned here, how many years old, how many
months old, after that occupation means
what does he do, is he in service, is he self-employed, is he a
home maker, is he a student, is he a retired person
or is he other, whatever it is, you have to tick, if there is
something different apart from these, then
you have to write it in specify here,
after that it is written are you previously
covered for any other medical or health
insurance, so if you already have any
health insurance then you have to tick yes, if you do
not have it then you have to tick no, I will
tell you people, even if you have it then you have to tick no, if you
do yes then you will have to fill the complete details here
And it has no meaning,
now let's move
ahead, after this it is written for group and corporate
policy, what does it mean
that group and corporate policy means it is a
corporate policy, if you are working in a private
company,
in a bank, in a private organization,
if you have got a
policy from there, then it is
called corporate policy or group policy
and the second one is individual policy, it is an
individual policy which we
purchase a plan on our own will, we purchase it
from an agent or from an online
portal as per the need of our family, the
plan which is
called individual policy, if it is a
group policy then here the
ID number of the member has to be entered, okay and here the
name of the company in which he works,
after that here claim intimation request, claim
request under individual policy, you people must have asked there
that brother we are getting our treatment done in non-network,
then they must have given an intimation number, you
can call it request number, that has to be
mentioned here,
is this a  Renewal Policy If there is a renewal
policy then you have to tick yes, if there is no renewal policy then tick no
If you tick yes then you will have to mention the
details of the previous policy here Now
after that let's move
ahead Name of the proposer of oblique employee
Here the
details of the corporate policy of the employee have to be entered here If it is an employee,
his name will come here Relationship with
proposer means
what is the relation of the patient with the proposer has to be mentioned here
Current policy number has to be entered UA ID number has to be entered
This will be entered of the proposer means the
UHI number of the employee will be entered under the corporate policy, will not be entered of the patient
because we have already entered the patient's number above
After that on Diagnosis Age, on Discharge
Summary, you will enter the diagnosis here
What was the problem of the patient What was the problem Name of the
Hospital where admitted The hospital in which he was
admitted has to be entered Name of the Hospital
Room Category Occupied Day Care means there was
any day to day treatment Which means a room was
taken  The day to day treatment was done, day care
procedure was single occupancy private
room, the twin sharing is called semi
private, semi private twin sharing
and the room on three and more beds means there was a
general ward or something else, so
mention it here, whatever room you have taken
for your treatment, you have to
mention it after that, date of
admission will come, time of admission will come, the
day on which you were admitted in the hospital,
that date and that time, you will
get it on the final bill of the hospital and you will
also get to know from the hospital system on
which date you were admitted
and at what time, that exact time has to be entered,
you have to match that thing on the disease summary also, if there is a
mismatch then there will be a problem, you have to
enter the date of discharge, the date of discharge, the time has to be entered, the date
of
injury, the date on which the injury occurred, has to be mentioned here
or if there was any disease or
fever etc., then it has to be mentioned here,
after that we move ahead
[music] it is
written in it  If injury given due to
self-inflicted road accident and this
alcohol consumer, then in this, if you are
self-inflicted, that is, you have injured yourself in a road
accident or have consumed alcohol etc., then
whatever it is, you have to tick it.
After that, whatever you will do in this,
you will have to fill below that whether any medical legal
report has been made or not, police
report has been made or not, MLC has been made or
not, whatever has been made, tick yes to it, whatever has
not been made, tick no to the one which is not made, whether the system of
medicine is allopathy, AYUSH, that is, English
medicines or Ayurvedic, whatever it is,
you have to tick here, whatever it is,
tick from both of these here,
after that we move ahead, are you covered
inside any top up additional policy, if
you have taken any additional top up, then tick yes here,
otherwise you have to leave it, if you say yes, then
further you will have to mention it here, you will have to
mention here the details of the top up,
here
you have to leave this section number seven.  Completely,
after that we have to come down, details of
claim, details of the treatment, if it is pre-
hospitalization then the
amount of pre-hospitalization has to be entered here, if it is post-
amount of ambulance has to be entered here, pre-authorization period, if pre-authorization request has been made, pre-
hospitalization does not mean pre-
authorized, sorry, pre-hospitalization period
means for how many days
you are claiming pre-hospitalization expenses, those days have to be mentioned here,
hospitalization expenses here, that is, the
expenses incurred for the admission, have to be entered here,
health check-up, lab
tests etc., if any other has happened then that has to be
entered, total has to be mentioned here,
after that post-hospitalization days have to be
mentioned here, here are the pre-K
and here here are the pre-K, here are the
post-days, so that has to be entered, it is
written further in it, claim for domestic
hospitalization yes no day care yes no
extension, whatever you have claimed under this,
you have to either yes so  If you have to say yes, if it is no then say no,
after that we move
ahead, this is about cash benefit, if
this benefit is cash related in someone's hospital policy,
then you people have to
fill it, next there is a section for hospital daily cash,
these days it has started coming in the policy
separately also, that is, the insurance company gives some cash
payment etc., so if it is
covered in your policy then you people have to
mention it here, otherwise it has to be left, if it is not, then
after that you have to move ahead, details of the
amount claimed, that is, the amount which you are claiming, you
people have to
mention it in detail here, you have to enter the room rent
bill number, you have to enter the date of the bill,
attach the bill, write yes or no, enter the amount,
whatever is inside it, you have to
enter the bill number here, enter the bill date, attach it, if it is yes then
attach it and write yes, if it is no then say no,
enter the amount here
and below here, you have to enter the total here,
if you are not able to understand much, if you are facing
problem in this, then click
directly here  So one has to write here all the
bill
attached details, if the bills are more then attach all the bills
and mention the total amount here,
after that we have to proceed further, it is written in it in
support of the above claim in close
follow
document in original please indicate by
ticking in the yes oblique no column below the
document that you are sending in it, the
documents written inside this column, if you
send any document, you will tick on it,
one it will be claim form, duly fee, this will be
cancel cheque, discharge summary,
hospital final bill,
payment receipt, investigation
report, medicine pharmacy and all these
bills or receipts
etc. that you are sending, you have to
tick them, if there is any other then
mention them here, the details of all the
documents that you have are written here,
now we will proceed further,
after submitting all this it is
written in 11 please provide the region
of  For delay in submitting the claim, if
you are sending delay, that is, your claim
documents, then you people will have to mention the reason here, due to which
you have
put this claim delay document,
delay means you have submitted this claim to the
insurance company, so here you
people have to write the reason, it is also written in it
post 30 days of date of discharge, that is,
these have to be sent within 30 days of discharge, the
bills of reimbursement are made to the
insurance company within 30 days,
after that the declaration has come below, you have to
read this declaration, after reading the declaration, you have to
enter the date here, you have to enter the place here, you have to
enter your district and here the signature of the insured person will be done
here, you
can also mention the mobile number below here,
so Claim Form A of ICICI Lombard is
complete, so in today's video I
told
how to fill Claim Form Part A of ICICI Lombard, under what conditions it has to be
filled
I have explained to you guys in detail what supporting comments we have to put in that form, still if you
guys have any doubts in your mind or
you have not understood something then you can
write to me in the comment section and send it to me, I will
definitely answer you guys, apart from this if you have
any query in your health insurance claim then
you can share that query with me, you can
also
get information about that from me, so you can
subscribe to me and press the bell icon
so that you get notification of new videos, share the
video with friends who
have ICICI Bank health card,
do share it with those friends so that they get
help, if you ever have to fill this form in future then do
share it with them, so we will meet
in the next video, till then
hello